# 6-2-Project-One-Network-Modification-Brief
CYB 210 Project One Guidelines and Rubric Overview Organizations grow, change, and evolve frequently, so it is important for the IT department to scale to the needs of the organization. As your organization changes, your requirements will change with growth and innovations in technology. It’s common to see scalability problems with organizational growth as well. This is why cybersecurity professionals should be aware of these issues to help build their strategic thinking skills. There is a constant need in today’s world to competitively keep up with technology and the need for connectivity. For this project (due in Module Six), you will create a network modification brief consisting of a network reconfiguration demonstrated by an export of your updated network diagram and multiple screenshots, as well as a written explanation of the network segregation. The audience for this brief is your IT department manager. This report is an authentic demonstration of the related course competencies because you will be asked to implement and reconfigure common network devices in response to the scalability of network infrastructure. In this assignment, you will demonstrate your mastery of the following course competencies:  CYB-210-01: Implement IP addressing and supporting services to meet architectural requirements  CYB-210-03: Configure common network functions and devices Scenario Your instructor will post a real-world scenario that includes the specifications on which your work will be based. You will also be provided with a Packet Tracer native file (.pkt) that you will import into the Packet Tracer application to use as the base diagram for your network. You will use the scenario and the provided Packet Tracer lab environment to do your work. Prompt For your project, use the provided Packet Tracer (.pkt) file, which mirrors the configuration of the current network. This file includes the old wireless router, a tablet and smartphone, and the two cameras that you will be adding as part of the reconfiguration of the network. Make sure you label each device with its IP address so that it’s visible for your screenshots. Specifically, you must address the critical elements listed below. Most of the critical elements align with a particular course competency, shown in brackets. I. Network Reconfiguration Reconfigure the network in the file provided. Then submit a PNG or PDF file of your updated network diagram and show screenshot evidence that you have met the project requirements for the following critical elements: A. Properly configure the VLAN for guest and video connections to meet the project requirements. Submit a screenshot of the VLAN table. [CYB-210-01] B. Properly configure the guest wireless network to meet the project requirements. Submit a screenshot of the wireless settings for the wireless router. [CYB-210-03] C. Make sure that devices are connected to the guest wireless network to meet the project requirements. IP addresses for the devices should be noted in the network diagram PNG or PDF. [CYB-210-03] D. Make sure that cameras are connected to the video network to meet the project requirements. IP addresses for the cameras should be noted in the network diagram PNG or PDF. [CYB-210-03] E. Make sure that guest and video networks are properly segmented. Submit screenshots of ping tests that prove you have met this project requirement. [CYB-210-01] II. Explanation of Network Segregation Articulate your response to the questions below. A. Describe how you segmented network traffic to meet the project requirements for guest and video connections. [CYB-210-01] B. Explain how you considered the scalability of the guest wireless network in order to meet the project requirements (IP addressing, leasing, etc.). [CYB-210-01]
